General structure of project and some setup files taken from:

https://github.com/FrontendMasters/api-design-node-v3

Data modelling notes:

In addition to specific fields noted, all models have \_id, createdAt and updatedAt fields, which are autogenerated by MongoDB.

User

Represents a user of the system. Has a username and password.

Player

Represents a real-life football player. Has names (first, last, full), club (real-life football team), position (e.g. defender). The web app should only have GET access to players. No need for time stamps on these as won't be changing.

Note: this is a slimmed down version of the player data taken from:
https://fantasy.premierleague.com/api/bootstrap-static/

League

Represents a fantasy league. Needs the following fields:

- status (registering, auction in progress, auction complete, complete)
- num_users (the number of users required to register for the auction to start)
- users: an array of ids referencing a user model, for each registered player.
- auction: an id referencing an auction model (see below).
- budget: starting budget
- maxplayersperteam: max players allowed per real life team
- squad_size: squad size

Auction

Represents an auction.

- array of AuctionItems
- array of AuctionUsers

Bid

Represents a single bid at an auction:

- an id referencing auction user
- amount

AuctionItem

Represents an instance of a Player model to be auctioned. Fields:

- status (available, sold, in progress)
- player - an id referencing a Player model being auctioned.
- bid_history - array of Bid objects for this auction item
- high_bid - an id refencing a Bid object (maybe a calculated field from bid_history)

AuctionUser

Represents the state of a single user during an auction. Fields:

- user - an id referencing the user's account
- budget - funds remaining
- squad - array of ids referencing AuctionItems won by the user.
